	I am an American who has just spent the past two months living in Greece, or perhaps I am a Greek who has spent the past 39 years living in America.  A few days ago I returned to Los Angeles and am still trying to adjust to the change.  A Spanish friend, eight hours ahead, wished to cheer me up by saying that “very soon” I would adjust to life here, but I lack her confidence.
	Yesterday I spent my forty days fasting in the desert before beginning to minister to the lost sheep of East LA as a special education teacher.  I encountered a series of three temptations to resume my life of conspicuous consumption and my love affair with technology.
	The first temptation took place at a store filled with all manner of objects that will bring you closer to nature and the Great Outdoors.  I was returning two shirts that didn’t fit me well.  “Did you want to put it back on the charge card or use it to buy something else?” the very friendly cashier asked.
	“Well, of course I wished to buy something,” I said to myself, “that is what we do here.”  So I wandered through racks of clothes, all of them like animals at the dog pound, just washed and perfumed, waiting for some master to save them from oblivion.  From a distance they all looked so beautiful, but up close I realized they were all of them a synthetic byproduct from some oil refinery, perhaps somewhere in Texas this very moment belching pollutants into the sky.
	My uncle in Greece does not speak such good English (sadly his is much better than my Greek).  So when he wishes to describe to me something as hand-made or natural (what we would call 'organic'), he would use the Greek word fisikós.  “This chipro is better than ouzo because is physical, not chemical, know what I mean?”  At first no, I did not understand because it has become lost in translation, like so many of its brethren that have made the long journey from Ancient Greek to Modern English.  So in that store I felt my uncle’s presence, perplexed that all the clothes were chemical instead of physical.
	“No,” I said on my way out, “just put it back on the charge card,” something we Americans lovingly refer to as “plastic.”
	My second and third temptations both took place in a technology store home to the coolest gadgets on earth.  I was waiting for someone to look at my computer, which has been acting up lately.  Strolling the isles, so brightly lit and brimming with packages of Christmas cheer (all 365 days of the year), I saw a pair of earphones.  It was made of shiny silver and jet black rubber.  The price tag of $150 was proof alone that it was the best.  I cradled it in my hands and considered the feeling of acceptance I would feel wearing them while others looked on with mouths open wide in admiration.  I wanted to make it mine, no matter what the cost.
	I was woken from this reverie by a technician holding my shiny silver laptop computer, which had a tiny dent in one corner.  “The problem is with the motherboard,” the young girl said, “and it will cost about a thousand dollars to fix.”  Shocked into a face of blank expression, my two month vacation flashed before my eyes.  I had carried this computer through three capitals of Europe, countless airports, rail stations, and bus depots.  Somewhere along the way it had taken a fall, and now all the King’s horses and all the King’s men were needed to put it back together again.  To what purpose had I, like some beast of burden, carried it with me on my travels?  Like some insatiable mistress with expensive tastes, it seemed to be beckoning me down a bottomless pit.
	It all began many years before.
	“What must I do to be accepted and loved by all?” the little child asked.
	“Become a great captain of industry,” was the response from on high.  “Search for teachers to guide you, ye shall know them by the gadgets they use and the technology they have mastered.”
	“And what foreign language should I learn?”
	“The language of business around the world is English.  But if you wish to have a second, then learn the language of computers.”  From this early age I was discouraged from an excellent career as a writer and linguist.  Thus I began and pursued with great passion my love affair with technology, until just yesterday when I finally decided to break up.
	I put the earphones back on the shelf and walked out of that store with my slightly broken--though still functional--computer.
	I do not mean to say that technology is a bad thing.  It was the invention of tools, beginning with the wheel, which afforded early societies the luxury of itinerant philosophers and bards (later writers and all manner of artists), who are the stepping stones between barbarian and civilized, between culture and lack thereof.  Advances in technology have also improved our lives, from shrinking the distances between people across the globe to the eradication of Small Pox.
	I speak instead of the conspicuous consumption of technology as a means of recreation and status.  I see people who wear personal digital assistants, mobile phones, and digital cameras as if they were costume jewelry.  I see people who lose themselves within a computer program to experience the thrill of everything from leading barbarian hordes into battle to getting a woman to say ‘yes’ on the first date, and some who revel in mastering the latest computer program and operating system as if it were a thousand piece puzzle of the Mona Lisa.  I see people dressed in beautiful clothes gather at a café and lay the latest and greatest mobile phones on the table as if forming an exhibition of modern art.
	But at what cost have we become slaves to the conspicuous consumption of technology?  So busy working to pay for these ephemeral objects and master their mysteries, in the end we become like early man who put so much time and energy into scraping food out of the land and chasing the swift gazelle that he had no time to lift his eyes to the heavens and ennoble his soul with thoughts beautiful and profound.
I do not wish to divorce myself from all manner of technology, shutting myself within a primitive log cabin in the middle of the wilderness.  But no longer shall I lust after cold objects devoid of humanity.  I wish a life that is physical, not chemical.  Know what I mean?
